README.md, before:

# Roborock integration for HomeAsssistant

WARNING: There are reports of temporary bans for using the integration. I'm actively working to get around the [issue](https://github.com/humbertogontijo/homeassistant-roborock/issues/163)

## About this repo
I've bought a Roborock S7 Maxv and hated the fact that I had to use the Roborock App or the previous existing HomeAssistant integration. But not both.

Using the Xiaomi integration there is also a limit to the number of map request which this integration doesn't have

Hope everyone can enjoy this integration along side the Roborock App

[![Buy me a coffee!](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/black_img.png)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/humbertogontijo)

---

## Installation

I recommend installing it through [HACS](https://github.com/hacs/integration)

### Installing via HACS

1. Go to HACS->Integrations
2. Add this repo into your HACS custom repositories
3. Search for Roborock and Download it
4. Restart your HomeAssistant
5. Go to Settings->Devices & Services
6. Shift reload your browser
7. Click Add Integration
8. Search for Roborock
9. Type your username used in the Roborock App and hit submit
10. You will receive an Email with a verification code
11. Type the verification code and hit submit
12. You're all set


---
## Functionality

### Vacuum
- Start the vacuum
- Stop the vacuum
- Pause the vacuum
- Dock the vacuum
- Control vacuum fan speed
- Vacuum battery
- Locate vacuum
- Clean Spot

Additional Vacuum functionality that is supported through services:
- Remote control
- Clean zone
- Go to
- Clean segment
- Set mop mode
- Set mop intensity
- Reset consumables

### Map
There is a map built in to the integration that shows you your most recent/current run of the vacuum. 

### Sensors
- DND start
- DND end
- Last clean start
- Last clean end
- last clean duration
- last clean area
- current error
- current clean duration
- current clean area
- total duration
- total clean area
- total clean count
- total dust collection count
- main brush left
- side brush left
- filter left
- sensor dirty left
### Binary Sensors
- Mop attached
- Water box attached
- Water shortage


---
## Special thanks

Thanks @rovo89 for https://gist.github.com/rovo89/dff47ed19fca0dfdda77503e66c2b7c7
And thanks @PiotrMachowski for https://github.com/PiotrMachowski/Home-Assistant-custom-components-Xiaomi-Cloud-Map-Extractor

---

Commit message:

Add information for camera streaming from #9

README.md, after:

# Roborock integration for HomeAsssistant

WARNING: There are reports of temporary bans for using the integration. I'm actively working to get around the [issue](https://github.com/humbertogontijo/homeassistant-roborock/issues/163)

## About this repo
I've bought a Roborock S7 Maxv and hated the fact that I had to use the Roborock App or the previous existing HomeAssistant integration. But not both.

Using the Xiaomi integration there is also a limit to the number of map request which this integration doesn't have

Hope everyone can enjoy this integration along side the Roborock App

[![Buy me a coffee!](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/black_img.png)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/humbertogontijo)

---

## Installation

I recommend installing it through [HACS](https://github.com/hacs/integration)

### Installing via HACS

1. Go to HACS->Integrations
2. Add this repo into your HACS custom repositories
3. Search for Roborock and Download it
4. Restart your HomeAssistant
5. Go to Settings->Devices & Services
6. Shift reload your browser
7. Click Add Integration
8. Search for Roborock
9. Type your username used in the Roborock App and hit submit
10. You will receive an Email with a verification code
11. Type the verification code and hit submit
12. You're all set


---
## Functionality

### Vacuum
- Start the vacuum
- Stop the vacuum
- Pause the vacuum
- Dock the vacuum
- Control vacuum fan speed
- Vacuum battery
- Locate vacuum
- Clean Spot

Additional Vacuum functionality that is supported through services:
- Remote control
- Clean zone
- Go to
- Clean segment
- Set mop mode
- Set mop intensity
- Reset consumables

### Map
There is a map built in to the integration that shows you your most recent/current run of the vacuum. 

### Sensors
- DND start
- DND end
- Last clean start
- Last clean end
- last clean duration
- last clean area
- current error
- current clean duration
- current clean area
- total duration
- total clean area
- total clean count
- total dust collection count
- main brush left
- side brush left
- filter left
- sensor dirty left

### Binary Sensors
- Mop attached
- Water box attached
- Water shortage

## Camera

If your vacuum has a builtin camera, you can use [go2rtc](https://github.com/AlexxIT/go2rtc) made by @AlexxIT. Steps [here](https://github.com/AlexxIT/go2rtc#source-roborock)

---
## Special thanks

Thanks @rovo89 for https://gist.github.com/rovo89/dff47ed19fca0dfdda77503e66c2b7c7
And thanks @PiotrMachowski for https://github.com/PiotrMachowski/Home-Assistant-custom-components-Xiaomi-Cloud-Map-Extractor

---
